Corrected MSDOS filesystem wording (angulargui). (#548)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

The :menuselection:`Pool --> Import Disk` screen, shown in
:numref:`Figure %s <zfs_import_disk_fig>`, is used to import a

> **single** disk that is formatted with UFS (BSD Unix), FAT or

Reviewer: I'm not sure the emphasis on "single" is correct here.  We load the kernel graid module to be able to support importing those, and they are not single disks.

Also, s/FAT/FAT (MSDOS)/

NTFS (Windows), or EXT2 (Linux) filesystems. The

> import is meant to be a temporary measure to copy the data from a disk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import is temporarily used to copy the data from a disk
```

Reviewer: This whole sentence is unclear.  It's not temporary.  Rather, it's a one-time thing.

`` This is a designed to be used as a one-time import, copying the data from that disk into a dataset on the %brand% system. ``

> to an existing ZFS dataset. Only one disk can be imported at a time.

Reviewer: Again, I'm not sure if the "one disk" thing is truly valid.

Author: Confirmed that it is one at a time by Mav and Caleb.
